LDAP:Docs: add information on LDAP sync feature and update LDAP sync default (#17689)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/auth/enhanced_ldap.md

5. Click on `Add group` button to save.

<div class="clearfix"></div>

## Active LDAP Synchronization

> With the open source version of grafana LDAP users will be sync only during the log in process.

Reviewer: Change to the something like the following? `With the open source version of Grafana, user data from LDAP will be synchronized only during the login process when authenticating using LDAP.`

Author: Done

> With this feature you can configure grafana to actively sync grafana users with LDAP server(s) in the background. After certain configurable period it will map the groups with the already existing grafana users, disable removed LDAP users and etc.

Reviewer: s/grafana/Grafana
s/sync/synchronize

Etc what?

Author: > s/sync/synchronize

Why we can't use abbreviation? 

> Etc what?

I was intentionally making it vague, since there might be new stuff added or removed, so instead of providing comprehensive item list I thought it would be a good idea to keep out the specifics

Reviewer: > Why we can't use abbreviation?

Personal taste, but think it's get easier to read and understand when being explicit in documentation.

> I was intentionally making it vague, since there might be new stuff added or removed, so instead of providing comprehensive item list I thought it would be a good idea to keep out the specifics

Whenever we add/remove new stuff we should update the documentation instead. I think it's much better to have a clear documentation that may lack information than have a vague documentation. I think we also have a good opportunity to explain here why someone want to use this this feature. But I guess we can make this better in the future.

Maybe it's the "and etc" that confuses me so at least skip the "and".

Author: Well, for me those are implementation details, I wanted to give couple examples so it would be more clear to see what is meant by "user sync" process

> See the configuration [example](https://grafana.com/docs/auth/ldap/#enable-ldap) on how to use this feature. 

Reviewer: Include the needed configuration and description here from the ldap.md as I suggested in other comment.

5. Click on `Add group` button to save.

<div class="clearfix"></div>

## Active LDAP Synchronization

In the open source version of Grafana, user data from LDAP will be synchronized only during the login process when authenticating using LDAP.

> With this feature you can configure Grafana to actively sync Grafana users with LDAP server(s) in the background. After certain configurable period it will map the groups with the already existing Grafana users, disable removed LDAP users, remove their auth tokens, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this feature you can configure Grafana to actively sync users with LDAP server(s) in the background. Role and team membership will be updated, removed users will be deleted and their auth tokens removed. Only users that have logged into Grafana at least once will be synchronized.```

Reviewer 2: The sentence felt a bit weird to me so I rewrote it a bit, what do you think?

Author: Sounds nice! 

Only 

>  will be deleted

You meant disabled, right?

Reviewer 2: Right, good catch!

```bash
[auth.ldap]
...

> # You can use the Cron syntax or several predefined shedulers - 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# You can use the Cron syntax or several predefined schedulers - 
```
